Use semantic versioning for the E40P. (#24)
openhwgroup/core-v-mcu-devkit: README.md

## About the devkit

This devkit has the following features:

> 1. CV32E40P (v1.0.0) RISC-V core + Embedded FPGA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. CORE-V MCU (including CV32E40P (v1.0.0) RISC-V core and Quicklogic ArcticPro2 Embedded FPGA)
```

2. 4MB Flash memory to hold programs and EFPGA bit images

> 3. Onboard Ashling Opella LD JTAG debugger + Serial Consol interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Onboard Ashling Opella LD JTAG debugger 
4. JTAG connector for external debug access
5. USB-C for terminal and onboard debug access
```

Author: AFAIK, items 3 and 4 in your above list are the same connector.

Reviewer: 3 is the debugger, 4 is the connector

> 4. Offboard JTAG Connector

Reviewer: delete

Author: Delete what?

Reviewer: sorry, disregard
